Perhaps you should focus on your skills
instead of showing off.
Perhaps you should catch your breath
before trying to talk.
Give it back.
You don't even know how to use it.
That's enough!
Stop!
You don't have to do this.
Yes, I do.
Customer needs assistance in frozen food.
Jin, how about this one?
Uh, I don't think so, Mom.
This one?
Yeah. No.
You need clothes for tomorrow, Jin.
Mom, I'm starting tenth grade,
not directing airport traffic.
Why so picky? This is a hip store.
Is it, Mom? 'Cause they also sell milk.
This one?
Yeah, I don't think I'm that guy.
Okay, then. What guy are you, huh?
Uh, skateboard guy,
camping guy, handsome guy?
Yeah, you think that mannequin's handsome?
Yeah. He's good-looking.
What about your friend New-jee?
Where does he shop?
His name's Anuj.
Wait, have you been calling him "New-jee"?
You know who I was talking about.
Also, we don't really hang anymore.
Why not?
You know, I had club soccer
over the summer
and he was busy with cosplay.
Who-- Who's that?
Cosplay, Mom. It's where you dress up
as, like, a warrior or a sexy demon.
- What?
- Yeah, it's too hard to explain.
So, who are you gonna read
your comic books with?
I was thinking this year
I'd try to switch it up.
And, like, you know, get on another level.
So, what level are you now?
In a lobby.
Parking.
- Hey, Mom?
- Mmm?
Uh, what do you think about this one?
How much?
It is...
80.
Uh, here.
Try this on. Good price.
Less is more!
Yeah.
I guess it's all right.
Mom?
Sorry, I thought you were my mom.
I didn't think--
I didn't think you were my mom.
My mom was standing there a second ago,
so that's why I said that.
Hot stuff.
- Oh, my God.
- Oh, you like it?
Chili's cute, huh?
I don't. No, I-- N-no.
Okay, I give up. Let's go home.
Wait. I need to get some milk first.
Bring the cart, huh?
What could go Wong?
You said you would ask about the raise.
I'm not talking about money right now.
Jin,
did you wear clean underwear?
- What?
- Did you wear clean underwear?
Yeah, I did, Mom.
What kind of a question is that?
Sometimes I see your underwear
in the hamper and they're dirty.
Yeah. Right.
Yes, that's why they're in the hamper.
- Oh.
- Right?
- Okay, I'm just gonna hop out here.
- Huh?
- I'll see you at 3:00, okay?
- Wait, wait.
- Okay. Have a good day.
- Yeah.
- Don't fight. Don't talk back to teacher.
- Thanks. See you at 3:00, Mom.
Anuj! Hey!
Awful! This guy!
- You can't!
- That's so funny.
- Hey. What's up, guys?
- What's up, man?
- Yo.
- What, uh-- What are we laughing about?
Travis was telling us
about his mom's boyfriend.
- Tell him. Tell him.
- Okay. So--
So, his name is Spencer, right?
And we went to the pool the other day,
so this is the first time I'd seen him
without his shirt.
And he's got a back tattoo.
You know what it says?
- What?
- "Spencer."
Who does that?
He does have a sick-ass boat though,
which we should all go on.
- You have been waterskiing, right?
- Yeah.
- Right? Cool.
- Yeah, of course.
What are you guys talking about?
Puberty? That's cute.
What's up, Greg?
Yo. So, Coach Garrett wants me to round up
some more guys for JV tryouts tomorrow.
It's not really my problem anymore, so
you dudes need to hand out these flyers.
Yeah. Sure.
What's your name, bro?
Ah, uh, Jin Wang.
- Greg. Varsity cap.
- Hi.
You play soccer?
Yeah. Or--
Sort of. I don't know.
Love the confidence.
He plays. He was on our team this summer.
Solid midfielder.
Nice. Yeah, that's my position.
You should come to tryouts tomorrow.
- Should be a decent squad this year.
- Yeah. Uh, sure. Thanks.
Hey, don't worry, man. You just gotta be
better than this little turd.
Yeah.
Hey, Andy says you're a solid player,
so you should come.
Yeah, thanks. I appreciate that.
Here, here. Sometimes you have to--
Yeah.
All right. Welcome to Bio 2.
I'm Mr. Larkins, and we're gonna
start the year off with evolution.
Now, contrary to popular belief,
it's not all smooth and easy.
It's actually a brutal battle
for survival.
Which is why my ex-wife is on the chart.
She's the second monkey from the left.
Not cool, Mr. Larkins. You shouldn't
comment on a woman's appearance.
You're absolutely right, Ruby.
Uh, that was not funny and I apologize.
Speaking of natural selection,
our first unit is a partner project.
So, everybody, find a primate
and let's pair up. All right? Get to it.
Oh, hey, Mr. "Hot Stuff."
Yea-- Yes. Ye-Yeah.
"Hot Stuff." That's me.
- Amelia.
- Uh, Jin. It's nice to meet you, sort of.
Sort of?
I meant we sort of know each other 'cause
we went to elementary school together.
Then you went to Crest Road Intermediate,
I went to Dorothy Nichols Middle.
And now I'm kind of creeping myself out.
I should-- I should stop.
You know, I think I do remember you.
Well, you kind of stand out, obviously.
- I do?
- Hey, you're trying out for soccer?
Yeah. Or, you know, I don't know. Maybe.
No, that's cool.
I was actually gonna try out too,
but, um, my mom wants me to do drama
because she did drama in high school,
and apparently we have to have
all the same interests.
Are your parents ever like that?
Uh, I'm--
I'm not actually sure
if my parents have any interests.
So, did you, uh,
end up getting that hoodie?
- Yeah, I got like eight of 'em.
- Eight?
One for every day of the week,
and then one more for laundry day,
in case I forget.
Do you think I could get one?
No, it's a collection.
Got it.
So, do you, um--
Do you have a lab partner yet?
Ah, Principal Kinney,
to what do we owe this honor?
- What?
- I just-- I don't know.
Hey, everyone.
Um, is there a Jim Wang here?
Jim Wang?
Wang.
Can I borrow you for a second?
Ooh!
- Okay. Please.
- I know. I know.
So, uh, what's going on?
Oh. Uh, so sorry,
b-but my Chinese isn't super good.
- Oh.
- Uh, well, this is Wayne Chung.
- Wei-Chen.
- He's a new student
and he's Chinese, like you.
Uh, okay.
I thought that you could show him around
since you two have so much in common.
Uh, we do?
So, for the rest of the day,
he's gonna be your shadow.
Sorry, my what?
Well, he's gonna tag along with you
to all of your classes,
except English,
because he's ESL, and math.
He's way ahead of you in math.
You excited? Have fun.
Hi. My name is Sun Wei-Chen.
Nice to meet you.
- So, do you want to get started?
- Yeah. Yeah, sure.
- Yo.
- Hey.
- We're, uh, over on the bricks.
- Oh, awesome. Cool. I'll, uh--
Jin! Jin! I found seats for us!
Come on! Here. Right here.
Oh, you're, uh, sitting with someone.
- It's all good. Don't worry about it.
- No.
Come on. Can you see me?
Jin, would you like some luóbo gao?
Uh, no, thanks.
Okay.
Um, Jin, do you like barbecue sauce?
Not really, dude.
Okay.
Oh, Jin, do you like humorous films?
You don't have to say my name
every time, okay? You can just talk.
Oh, okay.
Oh, Jin! Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
Who's that?
This? Oh. This is from
a popular manga called Kugo Ren Saga.
- Uh, yeah, no. I know Kugo Ren.
- Oh, you do?
Yeah, I just-- I didn't recognize
the character. Who is that?
This is Kugo Ren from book four.
No, that's not Kugo Ren.
Also, there's only three books.
No, there's seven.
Yeah.
Maybe some have not come to America yet.
Ah, here. Let me show you.
- Ah, w-wait, uh, hold on.
- What?
- What up, Jin?
- Hey, 'sup, Trav?
Uh, Andy said you couldn't
have lunch with us today
because you made a new friend.
What's up, man? I'm Travis.
This is Josh. What's your name?
Um, Wei-Chen. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. I like that shirt, man.
Where'd you get it?
Oh. Oh, this? Um--
This is from a-a Chinese company.
Uh, you can buy this on their website.
Oh. No way, I love websites.
I gotta check that out.
You know, I've been meaning
to wear more robot shirts.
Um...
Yeah. Uh, nice to meet you.
And I'll, uh, check you later, Jin.
- Yeah. Later, Trav.
- Cool.
Who is he?
That's Travis.
He's a friend of mine from soccer.
That guy is your friend?
He kind of likes to mess with people,
as you can see.
He got into this whole thing
with my buddy Anuj over the summer.
Anuj is still kind of messed up about it, honestly.
Hey! What are you laughing at?
Uh, well, hey, uh. Please--
Please don't-- don't-- don't do that.
- Why? He's being disrespectful.
- Yeah. Yes, but everybody's staring at us.
- Yeah. Good. Let them.
- No, no. Yeah. Please chill.
Yeah.
Thanks.
You're kind of, like,
a confident dude, huh?
"Confident dude"?
Yeah, like,
you don't ever really doubt yourself.
Why would I doubt myself?
Okay. You can show me the book now,
if you want.
Oh, yeah. Oh, but it's not a book.
It's...
It's this.
Come with me.
- Cool, right?
- Yeah.
Just, it doesn't look like Kugo Ren.
In book four,
he learns the 72 transformations.
So, wai-- Where'd you get this?
Oh, my dad gave it to me.
He wants me to stay at home
and work for him,
but I want something different.
So, like, your dad wasn't cool
with you coming here?
No, my dad's never cool.
He's like a burning fire.
Okay.
Uh, yeah.
My dad's kind of the opposite of that.
He's just sort of stressed and tired
all the time.
Last night he got into a fight with my mom
about "fried squid,"
which was pretty pathetic.
Hey, Jin, I think you should
go ask that girl out for a date.
I should w-- Sorry, what?
The American girl you were looking at.
Okay, yeah.
Uh, that's what I thought you said.
No, that's not a good idea.
That's-- That's--
Why not?
Be a "confident dude" like me.
Huh? Come on.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Here.
What could go Wong?
This is so good.
Stop. Stop.
What?
I think it's, like, problematic.
No! It's ironic.
It's-- It's ironic, right?
Yeah. Uh, yeah, it's--
Yeah, I-- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Hey, Mom?
- Hmm?
Do you think
we could go waterskiing someday?
You don't want to do that.
I-- I... [chuckles] ...think I do, right?
'Cause I just asked you.
We went skiing once. You hated it.
You fell in the snow and cried.
No. Mom, waterskiing, like,
you do it on a lake with a boat.
Aiya,
we are not water ski people, Jin.
What's that mean, Mom?
Ask Daddy tonight if he's home.
He may be late, though.
He's supposed to talk to his boss.
What's he talking to him about?
Daddy has worked at the company
for a long time,
but he's been in the same level now
for many years.
I want him to speak up,
but it's not so easy.
Why not?
Because we are not water ski people, Jin.
Bull Demon is planning
to attack during the Autumn Equinox.
His uprising is building strength.
This isn't political. It's personal.
We all know
he wants revenge against Wukong.
Whatever his reason, we won't stand
a chance against him without the staff.
Why would Wei-Chen steal
from his own family?
He is my son.
I'll find him.
You know, in Taiwan,
people love this. It's good for you.
Right.
Can you explain to me
how it's good for you?
'Cause, it's literally--
It's skin and toenails.
Sometimes the things
you hate are the things you need.
Eat it. It's good for you.
Right. But this one
looks like it's giving me the thumbs-up.
Want me to put it
in the hot dog bun?
- A little ketchup? Some ice cream?
- Y-Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yummy.
So...
Jin, how was school?
Uh, it was good. School was-was fine.
Um, I've got American Lit, Bio 2, Trig,
uh, World History,
which I think is way too broad. Art.
And I-I-I also have PE this year
which I can sub for a sport,
so, I was thinking,
maybe I could do soccer.
Not too many activities, hmm?
Just stay focused.
Study, work hard. That is enough.
Sometimes...
What?
Sometimes that's enough.
Sometimes you gotta speak up
so that people notice you.
Sometimes the best way to get people
to notice you is to work hard, hmm?
And sometimes people treat you
like an animal.
Like a little monkey.
Did you know that there's a kind of monkey
that-- It knows if it's gonna rain?
It's called a Burmese sneezing monkey.
- We learned about it in school today.
- Jin. Jin.
It's got a big nose,
so the condensation collects
and irritates its, uh, follicles.
In entertainment news,
people are protesting a 1990s sitcom
that is making a comeback
on streaming services...
♪ He's a bachelor in the city ♪
♪ Looking for love ♪
♪ Then his landlord died
And left him all the above ♪
♪ Now he's gotta handle rent
And every maintenance call ♪
♪ When all he really wants
Is the girl down the hall ♪
♪ Beyond repair ♪
Ugh.
Well, Freddy, looks like
this fridge has gone to meet its maker.
Maytag?
It's just an expression.
It means that it's dead.
I'll order you a new fridge tomorrow.
Gosh, I never knew taking over
this building would be so much work
when I inherited it
from old Mr. Henderson.
Ah, yes.
Old Mr. Henderson, rest in peace.
He have gone to meet his Maytag.
You'll get the hang of it eventually.
Hey, by the way,
do you think that your neighbor Lindsay
might need repairs too?
Ooh, Danny.
Danny, are you in love with Lindsay?
What? No.
Okay, fine. Maybe I'm interested.
But... [sighs] ...I have no chance.
Just go for it. As my wise ancestor say,
"What could go Wong?"
You know what? Maybe I'll fix
that ceiling fan while I'm here.
- Hey, Amelia.
- Oh, hey.
Um, I was wondering,
would you be interested
in, like, maybe hanging out sometime?
- Uh...
- Jin! Jin!
Look, we are twins.
Oh, s-sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt.
- Yeah. Yeah. Go.
- Uh, you're not. It's fine.
Listen, uh, forget I said anything--
No, it was--
It was really sweet of you to ask.
Uh, maybe we could hang out.
Just, like, as buds, you know?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Sorry, that was-- That was really lame.
Uh, it's good. It's all good.
Buds is cool. Buds is--
So, I guess I'll, uh--
I'll see you later then?
Yeah. See you.
Jin, are you okay?
- I gotta get to class.
- Yeah, we should go.
- No, don't follow me.
- But I'm your shadow.
No, you're not.
You're not my shadow. You're not my twin.
You're not my friend, okay?
So, please just leave me alone.
Jin, wait.
- Whoa!
- Somebody help him.
Jin! Jin! Jin, are you okay?
Hey, Anuj.
Hey.
How's it going?
Fine.
Cool. Uh...
That's, uh, cool Rebel Hatsuko makeup.
Just, um, exploratory stuff that'll--
It'll get better.
For sure.
Hey, uh, did you know
there's actually seven Kugo Ren Saga books
instead of three?
Good to know. Thanks for the update.
So, what's the plan, dude?
You're just gonna never talk to me again?
Because Travis made fun of you,
like, two months ago?
Okay.
Listen, you can't just show up
to my club soccer game dressed as Naruto
and do a bunch of jutsus
and expect everyone to be like,
"Oh, that's normal."
Well, I'm sorry if I embarrassed you
in front of your new, cool soccer bros.
Why are you even mad at me? Right?
'Cause I didn't do anything.
That's right, you didn't.
You just stood there and let it happen.
Maybe you should've done something.
Okay, and maybe you should learn
to take a joke.
Have you seen that meme
that's been going around?
The one with the guy from the old TV show?
Yeah. Why?
Well, there's a new one.
What could go Wong?
Who made that?
Hey, who made that?
Welcome to JV soccer tryouts.
My name is Coach Garrett.
We're starting with the speed drills,
so make sure you're warmed up and ready.
Glad you made it.
Thanks. Yeah, we'll see.
You got this, dude.
Hey, Jin.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, where's your new buddy?
That was just
something I had to do yesterday.
That was pretty cool of you
to have lunch with him though.
Just glad
I don't have to deal with it anymore.
Why? What could go Wong?
Okay.
"Win the ball."
Here's how this works.
Two guys on each side of the pitch,
ball is in the center.
On my signal, you sprint and try to--
you guessed it-- win the ball.
Who's first?
I'll go.
Very good, Travis.
Who else?
- I'll go.
- Great, what's your name?
Jin.
Okay. Travis versus Jim. Line it up!
Here we go. Ready. Set.
It's good for you.
Be a confident dude.
You okay, man? That was pretty gnarly.
Point of the drill is to win the ball,
not take the guy's head off.
Yeah, man. What the hell was that about?
You know exactly what that was about.
You're not laughing now, right?
At least do it to my face!
- Easy there, Jim.
- Jin! My name is Jin!
Listen, this is not how we roll
on this team, Son.
Now, I think you may wanna consider
another activity.
Just cool off. Take a walk.
Whoa! Whoa!
Wow.
Coach.
Right. Right. Sorry. Come on.
Let's get you to the nurse's office.
Hey, Jin.
Hey.
Hey, um...
I'm really sorry about earlier.
And all that crap I said.
It's stupid.
I swear I'm not that guy, you know.
Or, at least, I don't wanna be,
and honestly, maybe that's the problem,
is that I don't know what guy I am.
What were you watching?
Oh, uh... S--
Someone took a video of me and you earlier
and they posted it on this dumb app.
Can I see?
Yeah, sure.
Pretty sure it was Travis.
What could go Wong?
Not Travis.
Greg?
Oh, uh. That's my mom.
So, I guess I'll see you later.
Fried squid.
- Sorry, what?
- Fried squid.
In Chinese, it means
"getting fired from your job."
You'll need a better
disguise than that to hide from me.
What are you doing here?
I'm searching for the Fourth Scroll.
Are you serious?
The Fourth Scroll is a myth.
No.
It's real.
I brought back the sutras.
There were three scrolls, not four.
You're wrong.
How do you know?
I had a dream.
A dream!
Why can't you listen to me for once?
I don't have time for this.
Have you forgotten
about the uprising back home?
You're a child living in a fantasy.
And you're too weak to carry my staff.
Give it back.
I'm taking you home now.
No.
- You think you know everything?
- I didn't say that!
Why don't you get a job then?
Why don't you speak up like this at work?
Then they wouldn't walk all over you.
Don't you remember who you used to be?
We came here with nothing,
with no connections.
Where did that brave man go?
We were young.
It's different now.
One of us needs to live in reality.
And I don't live in reality?
I fight for this family
just as much as you do!
Calm down!
Stop!
Wukong.
I haven't seen you act like this
in a long time.
Leave the boy alone.
He has his own journey.
With respect, Guanyin.
He is my son.
Clearly.
Don't let anyone find it.
They will come for him.